---
layout: default
img: DEI.jpg
category: Experiences
title: DEI Statement
description: |
---

* __2022__
* Tania has been committed to working with many different campus organizations during her Ph.D. program here at UC Riverside. Her first three years in Microbiology-GSA she helped prepare the recruitment experience for incoming Microbiology potential graduate students along with other social events to bring in a sense of community for the Microbiology graduate experience. 
* Her second involvement started at the end of her first year up until now with her involvement with the local Riverside chapter of AWIS (Association of Women in Science). From then on she has been committed to working with the organization and has led it for the last two years as the president. Through this organization AWIS UCR introduced different initiatives to promote the Inland Empire. AWIS UCR has served multiple women-led panels, workshops, wellness check-ins, challenges and dinners to support and foster a community of accomplished women to become better connected with the community but also to advance in job placement. 
* Tania was Chair for the Mycological Society of America, Student and PostDocs section (2022). She collaborated and coordinated with mycologists from all over the US to create mycology content to be shared with the student and post doc body of the MSA organization. As Vice Chair she started to produce the monthly Students’ Mycology Colloquium, where she features two student mycologists and their work. This was an important contribution as (2020-2021) the pandemic was still in full motion, and thus had graduate student researchers at a disadvantage without a proper opportunity to share their scientific contributions. These presentations are recorded and then posted on Twitter and Facebook for the general public. As Chair, she coordinated and delegated different virtual events to better involve the student body of MSA.
* And finally Tania recently started a non-profit organization with 3 Armenian mycologists in November 2020 after 2020 Artsakh War halted between Armenia and Azerbaijan. The non-profit is called ICAM - or the International Congress of Armenian Mycologists. ICAM is dedicated to connect with Armenian mycologists to observe environmental effects on microbial diversity but also looking into remediation efforts using fungal mycelium. Tania is committed to continuing this organization to strengthen the academic ties to Armenia and to provide Armenian students the opportunity to conduct research in American facilities while bringing their research to the international scientific community.
* Tania has also had the distinct pleasure of mentoring two POC undergraduate women in supporting them with resources (public health and graduate school applications) and opportunities. Along with being involved with UC Riverside’s Graduate Student Mentorship Program she has provided mentorship to 7 first year graduate students in different graduate programs including: Computer Science, Mathematics and Microbiology. 
* Tania finds fulfillment in guiding and helping other students with difficulties they may be experiencing during their graduate program.
